BumpFootprintExpiration operation (#323)
kommitters/stellar_sdk: docs/examples/soroban/bump_footprint_expiration.md

# Bump Footprint Expiration

> Soroban smart contracts have an expiration time and they should subsidize the shared state lifetime extension fees by manually submitting bump operations, the `BumpFootprintExpirationOp` is used to extend a smart contract lifetime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BumpFootprintExpirationOp` operation is used to extend a contract data entry's lifetime.
A contract instance, wasm hash, and data storage entry (persistent/instance/temporary) can expire, so you can use this bump operation to extend its lifetime.

Read more about it:
- https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/state-expiration#bumpfootprintexpirationop
- https://docs.rs/soroban-sdk/latest/soroban_sdk/storage/struct.Storage.html
```

In this example, we will bump the contract instance of an already deployed contract in the network, adding 1000 ledgers to it.

> **Warning**
> Please note that Soroban is still under development, so breaking changes may occur.

> **Note**
> All this actions require to use `simulateTransaction` and `sendTransaction` RPC endpoints when specified in the code comments to achieve the bump footprint expiration.

```elixir
alias Stellar.TxBuild.{
  Account,
  BaseFee,
  BumpFootprintExpiration,
  LedgerKey,
  SCAddress

>   SCVal,

Reviewer: Add comma
